add container docs (#71)
apollographql/apollo-mcp-server: docs/source/command-reference.mdx

## Installation

### Container

> A prebuilt container containing the Apollo MCP Server is built with every release at `ghcr.io/apollographql/apollo-mcp-server`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A container is built for the Apollo MCP Server with every release at `ghcr.io/apollographql/apollo-mcp-server`.
```

These installation methods currently don't support Intel-based Macs. Support is planned for a future release.

</Note>

> {/*

Author: This seemed to have been carried over from a botched rebase on my part. Thanks for catching this!
